(DOCSP-13713): Improve layout of connect page (#243)
mongodb/docs-mongodb-shell: source/connect.txt

> .. include:: /includes/fact-connect-prereqs.rst

Reviewer: [question] Does this include need an update? It says 4.0 or greater, but I'm not sure if we might be indicating what's possible here, rather than what's supported.

> Local Deployment on Default Port

Reviewer: [suggestion] Each of these headings is really a mini-task. Would it make sense to title all of them with verb phrases, like tasks? 

For example:
- "Connect to a Local Deployment"
- "Connect to a Remote Deployment"
- "Connect with Options"

   mongosh "mongodb://localhost:27017"

Local Deployment on a Non-Default Port
--------------------------------------

To specify a port to connect to on localhost, you can use either:

- A :manual:`connection string </reference/connection-string>`.

- The ``--port`` command-line option.

For example, the following commands connect to a deployment running on
localhost port 28015:

.. code-block:: sh

   mongosh "mongodb://localhost:28015"

.. code-block:: sh

   mongosh --port 28015

> MongoDB Deployment on a Remote Host

Reviewer: [suggestion] We removed "MongoDB" from other headings -- should we remove it here?

-----------------------------------

To specify a remote host and port, you can use either:

- A :manual:`connection string </reference/connection-string>`.

- The ``--host`` and ``--port`` command-line options. If you do not
  include the ``--port`` option, ``mongosh`` uses the default port
  27017.

For example, the following commands connect to a MongoDB deployment
running on host ``mongodb0.example.com`` and port 28015:

.. code-block:: sh

   mongosh "mongodb://mongodb0.example.com:28015"

.. code-block:: sh

   mongosh --host mongodb0.example.com --port 28015

.. note:: Connect to |service-fullname|

>    If your remote host is a |service| cluster, you can copy your

Reviewer: [suggestion] Note that this renders as "a Atlas cluster".

   connection string from the |service| UI. To learn more, see
   :atlas:`Connect to a Cluster
   </connect-to-cluster/#use-the-connect-dialog-to-connect-to-your-cluster>`
   in the Atlas documentation.

Connection Options
------------------

Specify different connection options to connect to different types of
deployments.

Connect With Authentication
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To connect to a MongoDB deployment requires authentication, use the

Reviewer: [typo] "...deployment that requires..."

:option:`--username <--username>` and :option:`--authenticationDatabase
<--authenticationDatabase>` options. ``mongosh`` prompts you for a
password, which it hides as you type.

For example, run the following command to authenticate on the ``admin``
database as user ``alice``:

.. code-block:: sh

   mongosh "mongodb://mongodb0.example.com:28015" --username alice --authenticationDatabase admin

.. seealso::

   - To enforce authentication on a deployment, see
     :manual:`Enable Access Control </tutorial/enable-authentication/>`.

   - To provision access to a MongoDB deployment, see :manual:`Database
     Users </core/security-users/>`.

Connect to a Replica Set
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To connect to a replica set, perform one of the following actions:

Reviewer: [suggestion] I'm finding this structure a little confusing. What are the two options here? Should each option have its own heading?

- If you use the :manual:`DNS Seedlist Connection Format

>   </reference/connection-string/#dns-seedlist-connection-format>`,include

Reviewer: [typo] Missing a space after the comma.

  the ``+srv`` modifier in your connection string.

  For example, run the following command to connect to a replica set on
  ``server.example.com``:

  .. code-block:: sh

     mongosh "mongodb+srv://server.example.com/"

  .. note:: +srv TLS Behavior

     When you use the ``+srv`` connection string modifier, MongoDB
     automatically sets the :option:`--tls <--tls>` connection option to
     ``true``. To override this behavior, set ``--tls`` to ``false``.

- You can specify the replica set name and members in the
  :manual:`connection string </reference/connection-string>`.

  For example, run the following command to connect to a three-member
  replica set named ``replA``:

  .. code-block:: sh

     mongosh "mongodb://mongodb0.example.com.local:27017,mongodb1.example.com.local:27017,mongodb2.example.com.local:27017/?replicaSet=replA"

> .. note:: directConnection Parameter

Reviewer: [questions] Does this note apply to only the second option above, or to both? It's not clear until you read the whole note. Also, should we title this note a little more specifically? Perhaps, "directConnection Parameter added automatically" or something like that?

Specify Connection Options
--------------------------

Connection Options
------------------
Specify different connection options to connect to different types of
deployments.

Connect with Authentication
Connect With Authentication
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To connect to a MongoDB instance requires authentication, use the 
``--username`` and ``--authenticationDatabase`` command-line options. 
``mongosh`` prompts you for a password, which it masks as you type.
  
.. example:: 

   To connect to a remote MongoDB instance and authenticate against 
   the ``admin`` database as user ``alice``:

   .. code-block:: sh
To connect to a MongoDB deployment that requires authentication, use the
:option:`--username <--username>` and :option:`--authenticationDatabase
<--authenticationDatabase>` options. ``mongosh`` prompts you for a
password, which it hides as you type.

      mongosh "mongodb://mongodb0.example.com:28015" --username alice --authenticationDatabase admin
For example, to authenticate on the ``admin`` database as user
``alice``, run the following command:

.. note::
.. code-block:: sh

   To provide a password with the command instead of using the masked 

>    prompt, you can use the ``--password`` option.

Reviewer 2: We don’t want to tell users about `--password` anymore?

Author: I wasn't sure about this. I removed it because users are still prompted to specify the password when they omit the ``--password`` option, and not using the ``--password`` option ensures that the password is never viewable as plaintext on the user's screen. I can add this note back in if we still want users to be aware of this slightly less secure method of specifying the password?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I’ll leave this up to you. The idea isn’t really that human users, which I assume this guide here is targeting, would use it, and more that it’s a useful flag to provide for programmatic usage of mongosh.

Author: Ah, that's a good point about programmatic usage. I'll add the note back in, because it's likely good for drivers users to be aware of.

   - The ``replicaSet`` query parameter is present in the connection string.
   - The connection string uses the ``mongodb+srv://`` connection string
     format.

>    - The connection string contains a seed list with multiple hosts.

Reviewer 2: Maybe this is obvious, but:

```suggestion
   - The connection string already contains a `directConnection` parameter.
```

Connect to a Replica Set
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To connect to a replica set, you can either: 

Reviewer: [praise] Nice change! I appreciate the minimalism and friendly tone.

Limitations
-----------

- :manual:`Kerberos authentication </core/kerberos/>` does not permit
- :manual:`Kerberos authentication </core/kerberos/>` does not allow
  ``authMechanismProperties=CANONICALIZE_HOST_NAME:true|false`` in the
  connection string. Use one of:
  ``authMechanismProperties=CANONICALIZE_HOST_NAME:forward|forwardAndReverse|none``
  instead.
  connection string. Instead, use either:
  
  - ``authMechanismProperties=CANONICALIZE_HOST_NAME:forward``
  - ``authMechanismProperties=CANONICALIZE_HOST_NAME:forwardAndReverse``
  - ``authMechanismProperties=CANONICALIZE_HOST_NAME:none``

- ``mongosh`` currently only supports the ``zlib``
  :manual:`compressor </core/wiredtiger/#compression>`. The following 
  compressors are not supported:

  - ``zstd``
  - ``snappy``

> 

Reviewer: [suggestion] Looking at this page from an information typing perspective, I'm not sure all these tasks actually belong on this page. Something to perhaps file a ticket about and consider later.
